[RFC] Fix base url issue where the wrong origin is used (#353)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: docs/recipes/lhci-server-vpn-proxy/README.md

## Architecture

Say you build a custom LHCI server behind your company's VPN:
```
|-----VPN-----|
| LHCI server | X-- www <-- client ¯\_(⊙︿⊙)_/¯
|             |
|-------------|
```
You hand out VPN profiles to employees to access this private LHCI server at `https://vpn.lhci.com` and you see the LHCI server GUI in all its glory:
```
|-----VPN-----|
| LHCI server | <-- VPN tunnel <-- www <-- remote access client ヽ(´ー｀)ノ
|             |
|-------------|
```
### Problem

That works when viewing the GUI with a browser at `https://vpn.lhci.com`, but what happens when you need to provide access for public CI tools to upload reports to your private LHCI server? For example, CI tools like [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/blog/vpns-and-why-they-don-t-work/) and [TravisCI](https://docs.travis-ci.com/user/common-build-problems/#ftpsmtpother-protocol-do-not-work) have limitations in dealing with VPN tunneling or else you are stuck with extremely complicated docker setup using `ssh` and `openvpn`. It's definitely not supported out of the box if at all.

### A Proxy Solution

> So you use a CI tool like CircleCI and want to allow uploading reports to your private LHCI server. One solution might be to use a nginx reverse proxy server to [expose only certain routes](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/blob/master/packages/server/src/server.js#L51) for your CI tool to communicate with your LHCI server.

Reviewer: I don't want this line to get out of date, how about a specific tag or ref?
```suggestion
So you use a CI tool like CircleCI and want to allow uploading reports to your private LHCI server. One solution might be to use a nginx reverse proxy server to [expose only certain routes](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci/blob/<pick your favorite ref or tag>/packages/server/src/server.js#L51) for your CI tool to communicate with your LHCI server.
```

> ⚠️ It is recommended you at least password-protect using [LHCI built auth](https://github.com/jflayhart/lighthouse-ci/blob/patch-1/docs/server.md#basic-authentication), since you will be exposing these routes to the public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ It is recommended you at least password-protect using [LHCI basic auth](../../server.md#basic-authentication), since you will be exposing these routes to the public.
```

So at the gateway of your company's VPN, you might have a nginx server where you can reverse proxy your private LHCI server to be exposed over your public gateway:
```
|-----VPN-----|
| LHCI server | <-- VPN tunnel <-- www <-- remote access client
|             |
|             | <-- upload <-- vpn.lhci.com/v1/projects <-- www.api-proxy.com/lighthouse/v1/projects <-- CircleCI
|-------------|
```

> With this setup the GUI (vpn.lhci.com/app/projects) is left in tact behind the VPN, but things like CI tools now have public access to the exposed (password-protected), reverse proxy server (www.api-proxy.com/lighthouse/v1)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, the GUI (vpn.lhci.com/app/projects) is left intact behind the VPN, but external CI tools now have public access to the exposed, but still password-protected, reverse proxy server (www.api-proxy.com/lighthouse/v1)!
```
